# Infrastructure vs Health Modeling
## Data Preprocessing
To start off the model, I first loaded the data from SQL into dataframes within the notebook. Since the data had already been cleaned, I could merge the two dataframes, one containing the infrastructure data and the other containing the health data, on the Census Tract Number into one dataframe that would be easier to work with.
## Feature Engineering
For the features, I decided to drop the columns describing the location of the data points (County, State, and Census Tract Number) since we only wanted to have the infrastructure of these data points affect the model. After a preliminary testing of the model, I also dropped the % Low Income from the features since they heavily affected the model, and didn't fit the thesis of "Infrastructure vs. Health". I also dropped the targets of the models, which were the rate of obesity and the life expectancy of people living in these areas. This left only the data we wanted to model, which described population density, employment density, walkability, car ownership, accessibility of food, frequency of transit usage, and connectivity of pedestrian walkways. The targets were then separated into two different models, one for life expectancy, and one for the rate of obesity.
## Training and Testing Sets
I used the sklearn train_test_split to split the features and targets into training and testing sets for each model. The obesity model had obesity_X_train, obesity_X_test, obesity_y_train, and obesity_y_test, while the life expectancy model had life_X_train, life_X_test, life_y_train, and life_y_test.
## Modeling
I chose to use the Random Forest Regressor model for this project. This was perfect for our needs since it could predict continuous values without having to use PCA to cut down on the number of features. This would allow us to use much more than three features in our model as well as letting us calculate the feature importance later. We needed the importance of the features so that we could see which aspects of infrastructure affected our targets the most so that we could build our presentation around them. 